What? Are you talking about the unmarried period of the shopping mall president?
Otherwise! Shuo heard the boss say,
The president recently held a wedding in Chouwei.
Otherwise, you are here to pretend today, right?
I never expected such a high-end brand like yours.
Nature will bring you the whole roll of such a character story.
We've had enough of this team world.
This is a sample and cannot be sold.
Okay, let's go and close our hands.
Excuse me. We will not sell it on the official website after it is so cheap.
Product positioning is ordinary customers.
I won’t sell it to poor people like you.
As a sales person for international brands
One hundred yuan service
Their belongings are very good
A noble enterprise that affects the four of us
Of course, imagine where to eat